Add capturing and precise capturing rules (#1577)
rust-lang/reference: src/types/impl-trait.md

Every `impl Trait` in the return type of an associated function in a trait is desugared to an anonymous associated type. The return type that appears in the implementation's function signature is used to determine the value of the associated type.

## Capturing

Behind each return-position `impl Trait` abstract return type is some hidden concrete type.  For this concrete type to use a generic parameter, that generic parameter must be *captured* by the abstract type.

## Automatic capturing

Return-position `impl Trait` abstract return types automatically capture certain of the in-scope generic parameters.  Everywhere, these automatically capture all in-scope type and const generic parameters.

> On items of trait impls and trait definitions, these types additionally automatically capture all in-scope generic lifetime parameters, including higher-ranked ones.

Reviewer: What about non-RPITITs?

Author: Thanks.  Spelled out the negative case.

> On items of trait impls and trait definitions, these types additionally automatically capture all in-scope generic lifetime parameters, including higher-ranked ones.  On free functions and on associated functions and methods of inherent impls, they do not.

Reviewer: When I asked for non-RPITIT case, I meant that we should probably specify what happens:

```suggestion
On items of trait impls and trait definitions, these types additionally automatically capture all in-scope generic lifetime parameters, including higher-ranked ones.  On free functions and on associated functions and methods of inherent impls, only the lifetimes that are mentioned in the return-position `impl Trait` abstract return type's bounds are captured.
```

Author: Got it.  Thanks for clarifying.

## Precise capturing

The set of generic parameters captured by a return-position `impl Trait` abstract type may be explicitly controlled with a [`use<..>` bound].  If present, only the generic parameters listed in the `use<..>` bound will be captured.  E.g.:

```rust
fn capture<'a, 'b, T>(x: &'a (), y: T) -> impl Sized + use<'a, T> {
  //                                      ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  //                                     Captures `'a` and `T` only.
  (x, y)
}
```

Currently, only one `use<..>` bound may be present in a bounds list, such bounds are not allowed in the signature of items of a trait definition, all in-scope type and const generic parameters must be included, and all lifetime parameters that appear in other bounds of the abstract type must be included.  If the elided lifetime (`'_`) is otherwise allowed to appear within the `impl Trait` return type, it may be named within the `use<..>` bound.

Because all in-scope type parameters must be included by name, a `use<..>` bound may not be used in the signature of items that use argument-position `impl Trait`, as those items have anonymous type parameters in scope.

> 

Reviewer 2: Perhaps include the same restriction that generic params has: "The order of generic parameters is restricted to lifetime parameters and then type and const parameters intermixed."

I assume the ordering restriction is the same.
